Update AWS AMP integration to support multi-cluster launch (#668)
kubecost/docs: aws-amp-integration.md

* [Amazon Managed Prometheus (AMP)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prometheus/latest/userguide/what-is-Amazon-Managed-Service-Prometheus.html)
* [AMP IAM permissions and policies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prometheus/latest/userguide/AMP-and-IAM.html)

## Architecture
The architecture of this integration is similar to Amazon EKS cost monitoring with Kubecost, which is described in the previous blog post, with some enhancements as follows:

> In this integration, an additional AWS SigV4 container is added to the cost-analyzer pod, acting as a proxy to help query metrics from Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus using the AWS SigV4 signing process. It enables passwordless authentication to reduce the risk of exposing your AWS credentials.

Reviewer: Is there any reason why you're no longer abbreviating Amazon Managed Prometheus to AMP in this doc?

Author: Per AWS marketing requirement, I keep it that way in all documentation I wrote for AWS integration to not fix it later.

When the Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus integration is enabled, the bundled Prometheus server in the Kubecost Helm Chart is configured in the remote_write mode. The bundled Prometheus server sends the collected metrics to Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus using the AWS SigV4 signing process. All metrics and data are stored in Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus, and Kubecost queries the metrics directly from Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus instead of the bundled Prometheus. It helps customers not worry about maintaining and scaling the local Prometheus instance.

There are two architectures you can deploy: 
The Quick-Start architecture supports a small multi-cluster setup.

> The Federated architecture supports a large multi-cluster setup.

Reviewer 2: Would recommend we format this as bullets or a numbered list of options

Author: Thank you Brett ! Fixed in the latest commit.

### Quick-Start architecture
The small-scale infrastructure can manage a small multi-cluster setup. The following architecture diagram illustrates the small-scale infrastructure setup:

![Quick-Start architecture](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubecost/docs/main/images/aws_amp_multi_small.png)

### Federated architecture

> To support the large-scale infrastructure, Kubecost uses Amazon S3 services to improve the query performance efficiently. On top of the Amazon Prometheus Workspace, Kubecost stores the Kubecost's extract, transform, and load (ETL) data in a central S3 bucket. Kubecost's ETL data is a computed cache based on Prometheus's metrics, from which the customers can perform all possible Kubecost queries. By storing the ETL data on an S3 bucket, this integration offers resiliency to your cost allocation data, improves the performance and enables high availability architecture for your Kubecost setup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support a large-scale environment, Kubecost leverages a [Federated ETL architecture](./federated-etl.md). In addition to Amazon Prometheus Workspace, Kubecost stores its extract, transform, and load (ETL) data in a central S3 bucket. Kubecost's ETL data is a computed cache based on Prometheus's metrics, from which users can perform all possible Kubecost queries. By storing the ETL data on an S3 bucket, this integration offers resiliency to your cost allocation data, improves the performance and enables high availability architecture for your Kubecost setup. 
```

Thoughts on this change?

The following architecture diagram illustrates the large-scale infrastructure setup:

> ![Federated architecture](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubecost/docs/main/images/aws_amp_multi_large.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Federated architecture](./images/aws_amp_multi_large.png)
```

You have an existing [Amazon EKS cluster with OIDC enabled.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/enable-iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html)
Your Amazon EKS clusters have [Amazon EBS CSI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/ebs-csi.html) driver installed
### Create Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus workspace:

#### Step 1: run the following command to get the information of your current EKS cluster:

```bash
kubectl config current-context
```
The example output should be in this format:

```bash
arn:aws:eks:${AWS_REGION}:${YOUR_AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}:cluster/${YOUR_CLUSTER_NAME}
```

#### Step 2: run the following command to create new a Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus workspace

```bash
export AWS_REGION=<YOUR_AWS_REGION>
aws amp create-workspace --alias kubecost-amp --region $AWS_REGION
```

The Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus workspace should be created in a few seconds. Run the following command to get the workspace ID:

```bash
export AMP_WORKSPACE_ID=$(aws amp list-workspaces --region ${AWS_REGION} --output json --query 'workspaces[?alias==`kubecost-amp`].workspaceId | [0]' | cut -d'"' -f 2)
echo $AMP_WORKSPACE_ID
```

> ### Set up the environment:

Reviewer 2: "Setting up the environment"

> #### Step 1: set environment variables for integrating Kubecost with Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus

Author: Thank you Brett ! Fixed in the latest commit.

> Run the following command to set environment variables for integrating Kubecost with Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus

Reviewer 2: Needs a colon at the end of this sentence

Author: Thank you Brett ! Fixed in the latest commit.

```bash
export RELEASE="kubecost"
export YOUR_CLUSTER_NAME=<YOUR_EKS_CLUSTER_NAME>
export AWS_REGION=${AWS_REGION}
export VERSION="1.103.4"
export KC_BUCKET="kubecost-etl-metrics" # Remove this line if you want to set up small-scale infrastructure 
export AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=$(aws sts get-caller-identity --query Account --output text)
export REMOTEWRITEURL="https://aps-workspaces.${AWS_REGION}.amazonaws.com/workspaces/${AMP_WORKSPACE_ID}/api/v1/remote_write"
export QUERYURL="http://localhost:8005/workspaces/${AMP_WORKSPACE_ID}"
```

> #### Step 2: set up S3 bucket, IAM policy and Kubernetes secret for storing Kubecost ETL files

Reviewer 2: "Step 2: Set..."

Author: Thank you Brett ! Fixed in the latest commit.

> Note: You can ignore this step 2 for the small-scale infrastructure setup

Reviewer 2: "> **Note**: You can ignore Step 2 when setting up for small-scale infrastructure."

Author: Thank you Brett ! Fixed in the latest commit.
